------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------- Frequently Asked Questions ----------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. How do I go about setting up a mailinglist?

	Look in the examples/mailinglist file, it describes it in detail.

2. I installed procmail (i.e. typed 'make install'), but how am I supposed to
   use it?  When I type procmail on the command line it simply does nothing.

	You're not supposed to start procmail from the command line.
	Be sure to have a .forward and a .procmailrc file in your home
	directory (see the examples subdirectory or the man page).
	MMDF users should note that they need a .maildelivery file *instead*
	of a .forward file (see the man page for more detailed information).

3. When I compile everything the compiler complains about invalid or illegal
   pointer combinations, but it produces the executables anyway.
   Should I be concerned?

	Ignore these warnings, they simply indicate that either your compiler
	or your system include files are not ANSI/POSIX compliant.
	The compiler will produce correct code regardless of these warnings.

4. The compiler seems to issue warnings about "loop not entered at top",
   is that a problem?

	No, no problem at all, it just means I wrote the code :-)
	That's just about the only uncommon coding technique I use (don't
	think I don't try to avoid those jumps in loops, it's just that
	sometimes they are the best way to code it).  Use gcc if you want
	to avoid these warnings.

5. The compiler complains about unmodifiable lvalues or assignments to const
   variables.  Now what?

	Well, if the compiler produces the executables anyway everything
	probably is all right.	If it doesn't, you might try inserting a
	"#define const" in the autoconf.h file by hand.	 However in any case,
	your compiler is broken; I would recommend submitting this as a
	compiler bug to your vendor.

6. The compiler produces some excessive warnings about enums, is that a reason
   for concern?

	Your compiler is not ANSI compliant;  so, in other words, ignore the
	warnings.

7. The compiler refuses to compile regexp.c, what is the problem?

	Try compiling that module with optimisation turned off.

8. When I send myself a testmail, the mail bounces with the message: cannot
   execute binary file.	 What am I doing wrong?

	It is very well possible that mail is processed on a different
	machine from that where you usually read your mail.  Therefore you
	have to make sure that procmail has the right binary format to
	execute on those machines on which mail could arrive.  In order to
	get this right you might need to do some .forward file tweaking,
	look at the examples/advanced file for some suggestions.

9. Where do I look for examples about:
	Crossmounted mailboxes?
	Procmail as an integrated local mail delivery agent?
	Security considerations (when installing procmail suid root)
	How to generate autoreplies?
	Exorbitant rcfile formats?
	The 'A' flag?

	Well, this probably is your lucky day :-), all these topics are covered
	in the examples/advanced file.

10. Why do I have to insert my login name after the '#' in the .forward or
    .maildelivery file?

	Some mailers 'optimise' maildelivery and take out duplicates from
	Cc:, Bcc: and alias lists before delivery.  If two or more persons on
	such a list would have identical .forward files, then the mailer will
	eliminate all but one.	Adding a '#' with your login name following
	it will make the .forward files unique, and will ensure that the mailer
	does optimise away some addresses.

11. None of the above topics cover my problem.	Should I panic?

	Let me ask you a question :-), have you examined the CAVEATS, WARNINGS,
	BUGS and NOTES sections of the manual pages *closely* ?
	If you have, well, then panic.
