Discusses:
		1. Getting the lot to compile
		2. Setting up the environment
		3. Extra options if you are a system administrator

				---

1. Getting the lot to compile
   --------------------------

To install procmail, lockfile and formail: edit Makefile & config.h accordingly
and type 'make install'.
Intended configurable options in Makefile are: the install-destinations
Intended configurable options in config.h are: HARDLOCKS and MMDF support.

'make install' will:
      - execute autoconf (a shell script that repeatedly calls the C compiler
	to determine if certain features/symbols are supported), which will
	create a file named autoconf.h
      - compile the *.c files, create the three stripped binaries:
	procmail, lockfile and formail
      - copy these binaries to $(BINDIR)
      - copy the man pages to $(MANDIR)

'make deinstall' will:
      - remove the just installed files in $(BINDIR)
      - remove the just installed files in $(MANDIR)


Minimal requirements:

procmail must be installed.
lockfile needs only to be installed if you plan to read several mailboxes
	with one of the standard mailers that don't support lockfiles.
formail needs only to be installed if mail sometimes arrives in nonstandard
	mailbox format (or if you want to generate auto replies, split up
	mailboxes/digests etc., see the man page of formail for more info).


If things don't compile automagically, I suggest you take a look at:
autoconf, autoconf.h, config.h, includes.h

For autoconf to work as intended, your compiler should either be fully ANSI
compliant, or you should NOT turn off all warnings; enabling all warnings
shouldn't hurt.	 In most cases the default options in the Makefile will do.

The sources are supposed to be fully ANSI and K&R compliant.

If you run procmail by hand and pipe in some sample mail, then make
sure that if you kill procmail, you use "kill pid" and NOT "kill -9 pid".
Should procmail seem to hang, check if the $LOCKFILE is still present.
If you kill procmail with "kill pid" it will clean up the $LOCKFILE
itself.

Suggested command line for a test run: "procmail -d LOGFILE=:/dev/tty"
(now type in a mail message).

				---

2. Setting up the environment
   --------------------------

Every user that wants to use procmail should have a .forward and a
.procmailrc file in his HOME directory.	 For starters, you can look
at the supplied example files in "examples".
(BTW, be sure to make .forward *world* readable).

				---

3. Extra options if you are a system administrator
   -----------------------------------------------

If you are a system administrator you can decide to install procmail
globally (i.e. as an equivalent substitute for /bin/mail), this has the
advantage that users do not need to have a .forward file anymore that
calls up procmail.  Simply having a .procmailrc file in the $HOME directory
will suffice.  Operation is transparant in this case (i.e. if no .procmailrc
file is present in the $HOME directory, mail will be delivered as usual).

For direct examples on how to do this, look at the examples/advanced file.

				---

For more info about the program, see the man page or the FAQ list.
