Some legal stuff:

Use this software package at your own risk.  The programmer can not
be held liable for any incurred damages due to the use of this software.

You are encouraged to distribute this package freely.  This package is
however not to be not sold (minor transfer costs excepted) or included in
any commercially sold software package (if you want to do this anyway,
contact me (address below), and we'll work something out).

If you distribute it, please leave the package in tact.  If you have some
important changes that might be usefull to the rest of the world, contact
me instead.

----------------------

The Procmail mail processing package. (v1.10 1991-02-13)

Can be used to create mail-servers, mailing lists, sort your incoming mail
(real convenient when subscribing to one or more mailing lists),
preprocess your mail, or selectively forward certain incoming mail
automatically to someone.

To install it, edit the Makefile accordingly (if it doesn't compile at first,
check if some extra header files should be included (or left out) in order
to make any used types/defines/declarations for the library compatible).

BTW, the warnings you get about 'loop not entered at top': they're normal :-).
Some older compilers could complain about ambiguous assignments, if they
assume normal assigns, you're safe.

If you run procmail by hand and pipe in some sample mail, then make
sure that if you kill procmail, you use "kill pid" and NOT "kill -9 pid".
Should procmail seem to hang, check if the $LOCKFILE is still present.
If you kill procmail with "kill pid" it will clean up the $LOCKFILE
itself.

If you really want to, you can change some of the defines at the start
of procmail.c to suit your needs.  They should be sufficient for most
people though.

Every user that wants to use procmail should have a .forward and a
.procmailrc file in his HOME directory.  For starters, you can look
at the supplied example "forward" and "procmailrc" files.
(BTW, be sure to make .forward *world* readable).

For more info about the program, see the man page.

----------------------

Although I can't guarantee that the procmail (or lockfile) program
will perform as required, I must say that I made the utmost effort
to make procmail as robust as any program can be.

Procmail was designed to deliver the mail under the worst conditions
(file system full, process table full, missing support files,
unavailable executables; it all doesn't matter).
Should (in the unlikely event) procmail be unable to deliver your mail
somewhere, the mail will bounce back to the sender.

However, as with any program, bugs can not be completely ruled out.
I tested the program extensively, and believe it should be relatively
bug free (no known bug at the time).  Should, however, anyone
find any bugs (highly unlikely :-), I would be pleased (well, sort of :-)
to hear about it.  Please send me the patches or bug report.
I'll look at them and will try to fix it in a future release.

Cheers,
       Stephen R. van den Berg  at RWTH-Aachen, Germany.

Internet E-mail: berg@marvin.e17.physik.tu-muenchen.de
